README.md, before:

# Let's Help Developers Learn

I **help developers learn** because I like **code**, **words**, and **people**. Let's help developers together. 

---
Reach out to me about:
- **Developer education & docs:** I've been teaching developers for seven years. I can do both high-level planning and nuts-and-bolts implementation. Check out [How to Make a Docs Site: Shortcuts for Busy Devs](https://github.com/jablonskidev/how-to-make-a-docs-site).
- **DevOps:** As a Staff Education Engineer at CircleCI, I helped devs achieve velocity and confidence with the tools and best practices that help them move forward.
- **NLP:** I love programming languages and natural languages equally. To see a sample of my work, google `nlp python`. My [tutorial](https://realpython.com/nltk-nlp-python/) is the first result.
- **Interpreters:** I'm interested in programming languages as tools that are designed, built, maintained, and improved. I was the primary reviewer on the book *CPython Internals* by Anthony Shaw. I'm sharing my [study notes](https://github.com/jablonskidev/writing-an-interpreter-in-go) for *Writing and Interpreter in Go* by Thorsten Ball on GitHub.
 
--- 
To see samples of my work, check out:
- [Python Basics: A Practical Introduction to Python 3:](https://www.amazon.ca/Python-Basics-Practical-Introduction/dp/1775093328) I co-authored this [bestselling](https://realpython.com/python-basics-paperback/) book on Python.
- [CPython Internals: Your Guide to the Python 3 Interpreter:](https://www.amazon.ca/CPython-Internals-Guide-Python-Interpreter/dp/1775093344) I was the primary reviewer for this [bestselling](https://realpython.com/cpython-internals-paperback/) book on Python.
- [400+ Python tutorials:](https://realpython.com/team/jjablonski/) I wrote, reviewed, and published hundreds of tutorials when I was running the curriculum at [Real Python](https://realpython.com/).
- [Python Language Summit:](https://pyfound.blogspot.com/2021/05/the-2021-python-language-summit.html) I wrote technical articles about proposed changes to the Python language for the Python Software Foundation.
- [Writing an Interpreter in Go: Study Notes & Code:](https://github.com/jablonskidev/writing-an-interpreter-in-go) I'm learning more about interpreters and sharing my knowledge.
- [How to Make a Docs Site: Shortcuts for Busy Devs:](https://github.com/jablonskidev/how-to-make-a-docs-site) After planning the replatforming of CircleCI's docs site, I condensed my knowledge for busy devs who are new to docs.

---
Feel free to reach out:
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jo_jablonski)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joanna-jablonski/)
- [jojab.dev](https:///www.jojab.dev)

Commit message:

linked to talk on YouTube

README.md, after:

# Let's Help Developers Learn

I **help developers learn** because I like **code**, **words**, and **people**. Let's help developers together. 

---
Reach out to me about:
- **Developer education & docs:** I've been teaching developers for seven years. I can do both high-level planning and nuts-and-bolts implementation. Check out [How to Make a Docs Site: Shortcuts for Busy Devs](https://github.com/jablonskidev/how-to-make-a-docs-site).
- **DevOps:** As a Staff Education Engineer at CircleCI, I helped devs achieve velocity and confidence with the tools and best practices that help them move forward.
- **NLP:** I love programming languages and natural languages equally. To see a sample of my work, google `nlp python`. My [tutorial](https://realpython.com/nltk-nlp-python/) is the first result.
- **Interpreters:** I'm interested in programming languages as tools that are designed, built, maintained, and improved. I was the primary reviewer on the book *CPython Internals* by Anthony Shaw. I'm sharing my [study notes](https://github.com/jablonskidev/writing-an-interpreter-in-go) for *Writing and Interpreter in Go* by Thorsten Ball on GitHub.
 
--- 
To see samples of my work, check out:
- [Python Basics: A Practical Introduction to Python 3:](https://www.amazon.ca/Python-Basics-Practical-Introduction/dp/1775093328) I co-authored this [bestselling](https://realpython.com/python-basics-paperback/) book on Python.
- [CPython Internals: Your Guide to the Python 3 Interpreter:](https://www.amazon.ca/CPython-Internals-Guide-Python-Interpreter/dp/1775093344) I was the primary reviewer for this [bestselling](https://realpython.com/cpython-internals-paperback/) book on Python.
- [400+ Python tutorials:](https://realpython.com/team/jjablonski/) I wrote, reviewed, and published hundreds of tutorials when I was running the curriculum at [Real Python](https://realpython.com/).
- [Python Language Summit:](https://pyfound.blogspot.com/2021/05/the-2021-python-language-summit.html) I wrote technical articles about proposed changes to the Python language for the Python Software Foundation.
- [Writing an Interpreter in Go: Study Notes & Code:](https://github.com/jablonskidev/writing-an-interpreter-in-go) I'm learning more about interpreters and sharing my knowledge.
- [How to Make a Docs Site: Shortcuts for Busy Devs:](https://github.com/jablonskidev/how-to-make-a-docs-site) After planning the replatforming of CircleCI's docs site, I condensed my knowledge for busy devs who are new to docs. I also gave a [conference talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3mO4MEtpwA) at PyLadiesCon.

---
Feel free to reach out:
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/jo_jablonski)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joanna-jablonski/)
- [jojab.dev](https:///www.jojab.dev)
